if the Slavs lived there, there should be a lot written about it. Where can I read Slav? Well, I, the population of the Slavic tribes of those places was later than the settlement of, well, let’s say these Dnieper nonno, but there was a Slavic population, then someone who lived there. What peoples lived there Hello Hello What are you talking about about the war? I understand the question. No, how do you talk about the war? For example, the Russians ask me what hurts them about the war. I don’t ask about the war. I like to talk about history. History and history of what period. Well, Rus' Russia Russian Empire Rus' Russia Russian Empire Yes, but yes, for example, it turns out that I understand correctly that Russian You think that Russia is the heir of Rus' Yes, that the heir is notarized or what? What do you invest, what do the Russians invest, I generally mean that you don’t mind that Ancient Rus' is part of our history then it is also part of three states and Russia and Belarus and Ukraine And what is Ancient Rus' like this is part of your history Well, what is it Well because the ancient ancient Russian state, let’s say, was on the territory of Ukraine Belarus Russia and so let’s say the further dynasty that rules in Rus' further rules and a Newly created state already on the territory of the so-called north-eastern Rus' Well, this If we are historically north-eastern Rus' No one was conditionally conditional Let's not conditionally Let's call it what it was called Kievs same ru it's Russia it was simply called it Rus' was called Well, different periods I would call it differently the Principality of Vladimir Principality of Moscow Russian Tsardom Russian Empire you understand differently Look at the Principality of Moscow yes It is not the heir of Rus' Yeah I’m telling you again what it means to be a notarized heir or what do you mean under the heir Well, look well, let me explain it this way I explain Nani Uzbekistan is the heir of the USSR I have no idea and the Principality of Moscow has nothing to do with Rus' Well, why do you think that it doesn’t have look there was Rus' with a center in Kyiv Yes yes yes there was Rus' in about what borders was Rus' there was a lot of Rus', look Rus' Yes, you know the fishermen are classified by such a scientist Uh, what’s the point you’ll talk about what About the narrow meaning about the VM sense of Rus', you mean that’s what he said, yes, that is, for example, from Moscow we went to Rus' from Tver we went to Rus' and so on Yes, okay, wait, okay, I know, Let me say this Calm down, I’m not Pogora, I’m not Pogora Let me say this, I’m not Pogora, let’s not manipulate, for example, Rus' was in Kiev Yes, Rus' had dependent territories on it Yes Where they sent the prince For example on the territory of the Moscow region, the Slavs did not live on the territory of Suzdal, but the Suzdal principality, the Slavs did not live there; they sent the prince as well. As now, for example, they send a governor from Moscow to Buryatia, or to Chechnya from Moscow, if they send a governor. Yes, this will not make the Chechens become Russian, really, too. You can say in 19th century Yes, when there was Rus' in ohm, even in dm Yes, what Slavic tribes lived on the territory of the Suzdal principality or Moscow So the development of these lands by the Slavs was already later than the development of Ukraine, this is the same thing Yes, wait, wait again, look again once again, in the territory where the Kiev region Chernigov Poltava, I can say that the Slavic tribes lived there, the Ulichi Drevlyans, the Northerners And so on. Yes, you can name at least one Slavic tribe that lived on the territory of the Moscow Suzdal, this principality like the Muscovites Look Vyatichi Vyatichi is the territory of modern Russia where lived where this is the territory of sleepy Russia not Moscow, here's the east, look No no no look again, here is the Principality of Suzdal you said Rostov Moscow at least in one principality the Slavs lived like the Vyatichi tribes lived where the Vyatichi lived The Vyatichi Krivichi did not live Smolensk region so Smolensk region Smolensk region it was the Smolensk region it was not in the Suzdal principality in the Moscow then subsequent Russia left and then you captured them then I live in the Bryansk region they also lived there even when Rus' collapsed in the 10th century Yes, some independent ones were formed on the territory there Muscovites to the principality were not Slavs who lived in them Why not Slavs then Wait what you call the sweat now I will show what you call the glades Drevlyans we know this only from the Tale of Bygone Years Tale of Bygone Years Wait be silent the post of bygone years was written there in the century and even then he already wrote about what it was like in past times, what you say supposedly some tribes lived, there were no northerners or glades in the 10th centuries, don’t tell fairy tales well Tell me, then look Let’s look at it like this, uh, on the territory of Vladimir and the Principality of Suzdal yes What nationalities lived and different nationalities lived Which Rus' Rus' Look Rus' Rus' was inter-tribal Rus' Rus' was inter-tribal Union right you you let's say a word sometimes don't interrupt come on Yes different lived different lived look even if you If you rely I don’t rely on the Tale of Bygone Years just like that. Tell me which ones, well, you can be silent, look even here. According to the Tale of Bygone Years you called, you said don’t, you yourself said don’t rely on the Tale of Bygone Years. We all don’t rely on the Tale of Bygone Years, I don’t, we don’t rely on on the Tale of Bygone Years, I’m just asking you, you said that Rus' was a multi-tribal state, I support it like this. Tell me which ones. Now that there were different tribes, Slavic tribes. I told you at that time there were no more tribes. Look, Baltic, look Baltic, I know where the Slavic lived, they lived. Ugric and Slavic Look here Come on in the territory of Sul in the territory of Suzdal Dava in the territory Let's on the territory of Suzdal in the territory of the Suzdal principality The Balts did not Live lived on the territory of the principality of Suzdal where Lived lived bal map look at the map look where where near Karag where look like no Karaganda you see, you're burnt, come on, if according to the facts, where you're burnt? So you didn't go to the ball there? Well, look, the Slavs are there, if you look, look, if Rus', if Russia is considered. Look, if Rus' is considered, Kiev Chernigo Trans. Wait, wait, look, I'm asking you. Look, I'm just asking a simple question. Look for example, if I now ask on the territory of the Chechen Republic they live What nationality lives now and different nationalities also live Well, the main nationality What Chechens live Yes Chechens Chechens yes they live yes That is, you won’t say that Russians live there ru there But you don’t know - to my mind there they are not Chechens at all I call them Chechens this is so from the dacha the Slavs in Chechnya don’t live live live live Some number of visitors yes Yes, what difference do you want to say that we are supposedly not Slavic Please tell me absolutely Ver look again wait wait Let’s not jump over not jump over you just let's you on you want to say that supposedly you Wait, you want to say that supposedly you have dawn in Ukraine now we'll talk about Ukraine let's agree you're burned you're burned you yourself understand from the Suzdal Principality not to jump over the Suzdal Principality you're running away you're on fire I'm the one who drove you into a corner you see I drove you into a corner and you want to run away to another topic let's figure it out with the Principality of Suzdal we realized that on the territory of the Principality of Suzdal the Balts did not live and the Slavs did not live then What nationalities Why did you say that we they decided that there ba Well look Well look look so let’s say there is a video by Danilevsky and Tai a video no no what video no no no need a video listen to this no no no here listen This is a historian this is a historian You often bark at no I don’t need a video I don’t need a video Vio no you need to let me finish So why do I need a video Why do I need about a video and the beats wait you're asking me You're asking me You're not letting me answer Come on Where can I watch it now Let's see the history of the history of Rus' video here I am Carefully Let's go now Well, I led the Balts on the territory of the Suzdal principality Yeah, so that's it now now now let's see Oh so there is a noble Vladimir Sudsky principality Yes, by the 9th century the Finno-Ugric and Baltic tribes lived here Yes there were a little Balts yes Here's the Finno-Ugric, that is, look there Yes, look here is a textbook about the educational strengthening of north-eastern Rus', the formation and strengthening of the Muscovite state, this is a textbook Yes, the history of the environment here Yes, I didn’t come up with this, yes, that is, look, that is, it turns out yes That it wasn’t the Slavs who lived there So different for a second I don’t hear what you are saying textbook Yes, all the Slavs did not live there. That is, the prince came there with his squad to collect money. Tribute. Yes, there was some kind of army. Yes, it was just like, for example, they already lived there. Well, no, look again, for example, when the Russian army comes, for example. Yes, and he puts a governor, for example, in Tuva, yes Or in Tyva, as she correctly Yes, and he puts a garrison there Yes, that doesn’t mean I was looking [music] while the keys are lit If you want to talk to me Turn off the roles Let me talk to you I’m the same, I’m the same you ask me to prove it, I’m telling you, here’s the story, I don’t need a video, why do I need a video, tell me, look where we can read that the Slavs lived there, I’ll tell you now, a historian will tell you if you don’t believe me. I’m like, no, I won’t turn on the video. here's a book somewhere Can you put a book in a document or what will history tell you no look let's do it again Russian academician for now let's don't look I don't want you to show me some kind of video something there that you're afraid of don't [ __ ] if I'm afraid Show me some kind of show me a textbook of this historian. Tell me now to find a textbook of this history. No, let’s admit that you’re leaking. No, you’re leaking because you won’t give me the answer. Don’t you want to? You watch a video somewhere there- then what kind of video if if there look answer if the Slavs lived there and this should be a lot of NASA Where can I read Well, the population of the Slavic tribes of those places was later m settlement so let’s say these Dnieper regions were there Slavic population then someone who lived there What peoples lived there that Slavs lived then you already said that the Slavs came later So let's do this What peoples lived there Tell me what your history says What peoples lived there what were their names different peoples lived what kind of Finno-Ugric who were they different and Finno-Ugric in that including Baltic and Slavic Slavic were not Slavic were not were were were Slavic were not what it directly says Look, your textbook here lived Fno Ugric Baltic tribes So now when princes came there, for example, from Rus', was there any kind of mass migration Slavs from Rus' to the Principality of Vladimir if it was in what century in what volume And in volume the number of people or something Well yes yes how many more than a million moved 10 people Okay okay okay Okay let it be Listen, you want to say that all of Ukraine was populated before and Ukraine is not there either also not in our country, for example, there are a lot of them, here in the Southern Eastern region there were Jurassic territories, yes And why is the Southern one even still sager, which is lower Wait in the south there are no Christians there are no Christian settlements super Ukraine didn’t come from there Ukraine came from Kiev Yes, look, you admit that the Vladimir Terek principality is not Slavic was different different was mixed there the Slavs would not have constituted by far even the majority of the Slavs What are the Slavs Tell me language group language group Now listen to your know how I start Talk about something and then squeeze it out In short, they all burn because look how the Russians deduce that there was a Vladimir Suzdal principality and from them Russia was created and they seem to have some kind of relation to the Russians. The Slavs did not live there And therefore a very simple question does not need to be shown to me. This is who lived on this territory. Yes, I always give this example. For example if now we take the Soviet Union, yes, did Russians or Ukrainians live in Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, yes, or in Uzbekistan or Tajikistan? During the Soviet Union, yes, they lived, and why, because they were sent there to do some work, and so on, but does that mean that? Tajikistan or Uzbekistan inhabited or Ukrainians no Yes, after secession the collapse of the Soviet Union if Tajikistan said that you know the Russian Empire is us because we were in the Soviet Union and the Soviet Union was in Russia like the Russian Empire And so on Yes absolutely not the same and the Suzdal and Moscow principalities were some kind of outskirts shorter than this Great one of this large state Yes, which essentially did not have a Slavic component Yes, the Finno-Ugric people lived there and they Yes, they were simply Slavs Zro in language because writing came to them from Kyiv Yes, here is Slavic, just like now the Buryats Yes, the Buryats are now Russified, they speak Russian T in Russian Yes, the same thing happened to the inhabitants of this Suzdal Moscow Principality Yes, the letters came from Kyiv, yes And that’s why they caught the language, subscribe to my Instagram I don’t I know for what it is for what it is there to marvel at the ocey face Ale for you tse one two or three clicks Ale you trimae me and I will be KTA in me there Kupa fouls and in me there will be a cool mood to robiti nove cool video writing on miy Instagram Popik Andriy otak Let me check for you L